hello my name is Jack fron and I'm one
of the directors of we have a meeting
and today I'm here to do a testimonial
specifically Mr Sam D who has been an
absolute pleasure to work with
throughout um so we got in touch the
reason we got in touch is we' seen him
actively on LinkedIn we've done some
work throughout and we've been on his
podcast and we we were sourcing a few
different web designers and we want
somebody that was going to capture what
we did as a company and put that into a
brand and and they did it they did it
proper um so the team came up with a
logo and from some back and forth we
worked together collaboratively to
create this masterpiece which I think is
uh an absolute picture of what we have a
meeting does um so one of the the
biggest challenges that that we faced is
obviously we had a very basic standard
website and who knows people might have
been like I like what these guys are
doing on LinkedIn clicking on our
website and
disappearing Into Thin Air they made our
website incredible and it's something
that I'm very proud of and I'm very
happy to share with the world if you're
looking for someone to do a website logo
all of these wonderful things I mean you
don't get better than that